# 9/25/2024 - v24.2.1

## Fundamentals
- Updated UserPromptControl and UserPromptBuilder with support for HorizontalContentAlignment and VerticalContentAlignment properties.
- Fixed UserPromptWindow not correctly opening as a modal dialog due to changes in Avalonia v11.1.0.
- Fixed UserPromptBuilder might throw ObjectDisposedException when trying to auto-size content if the owner window was no longer loaded.
- Fixed UserPromptBuilder did not apply scrollbar visibility properties to the UserPromptControl.
- Fixed Avatar textual content rendered as mirror image in right-to-left (RTL) scenarios.
- Fixed SettingsCard and SettingsExpander header content not displayed correctly in right-to-left (RTL) scenarios.
- Fixed Badge showing above notifications and overlays when used as an adornment.
## Themes
- Updated glyphs to allow mirroring in right-to-left (RTL) scenarios only when appropriate for the individual glyph.
## Shared Library
- Added the ChromedTitleBar.CanConfigureWindowClientArea property, which can be set to false to prevent various Window client area extension properties from being set.
- Added the ChromedTitleBar.LeftContentTemplate and RightContentTemplate properties.
- Fixed issue where content hosted within ChromeTitleBar would not raise the ContextRequested event on secondary pointer click.
- Fixed exception setting WindowOverlayManager.ZIndexProperty default value when multiple WindowOverlayManager instances are initialized.

---

# 7/23/2024 - v24.2.0

## Themes
- Updated native control themes with changes in Avalonia through v11.1.0.
- Added native control theme and related sample for new HyperlinkButton control.
- Removed default control themes for ContentControl, UserControl, and NativeMenuBar since Avalonia v11.1.0 includes a default theme in their respective class definitions.
## All
- Updated the minimum Avalonia dependency from v11.0.7 to v11.1.0.

---
