# 1/16/2025 - v25.1.1

## Bars
- Updated context flyouts to use the theme's dismiss event pass-through setting.
- Updated context flyouts to display at the pointer location.
- Updated BasePopupButtonBase-based controls to have a Button UIA peer control type.
- Updated controls that use external headers to remeasure RibbonControlGroup properly when the label or small image properties are changed.
## Fundamentals
- Added the AvatarGroup.Orientation and OverflowOrientation properties that allow for customizing the layout orientation of non-overflowed and overflowed avatars respectively.
## Themes
- Fixed an issue where the ModernTheme.RefreshResources method wouldn't properly update native and Actipro control themes for various ThemeDefinition apperance kind property changes.
## Shared Library
- Added the ColorOpacityConverter value converter that alters the opacity of a given color.
- Added ChromedTitleBar.AllowWindowDragOnPointerPressed property to control whether to invoke BeginMoveDrag on the parent Window during pointer pressed events.
- Added the UIColor.Tint method, which can tint a color towards another.
- Fixed an issue with WebAssembly on .NET 9 where AnimatedExpanderDecorator would throw InvalidOperationException when animating a change in expansion state.
- Fixed an issue where the IDataTemplateSelector and IItemContainerTemplateSelector interfaces weren't in the intended ActiproSoftware.UI.Avalonia.Controls.Templates namespace.
## All
- Updated the various SR.GetString methods (used for accessing string resources) that accept string format arguments to allow null objects to be passed.

---

# 11/6/2024 - v25.1.0

## Bars
- Added a public beta of our new Bars product, which implements advanced fluent ribbons, toolbars, menus, and related controls.
- The Ribbon control has the latest Office appearance and includes the use of subtle animations throughout all controls.
- Ribbon can instantly switch between Classic (taller) and Simplified (single-row) layout modes, allowing for configuration of the variant resizing behavior in both modes.
- Complex galleries can appear in the Ribbon, as well as in any popup and context menu.  It's simple to create new galleries with rich visualizations for any need.
- The StandaloneToolBar control can be used as an app's primary toolbar, or alternatively within tool windows.  It can host any control that can be used in Ribbon and overflows items to a popup as needed.
- Controls inherit similar native Avalonia controls wherever possible.
- UI accessbility peers are implemented for the entire control hierarchy.
- The entire control hierarchy can be built using MVVM (preferred), or alternatively directly in XAML.
- An optional MVVM library is available that makes it easy to configure the Bars controls with MVVM techniques.
## Fundamentals
- Updated InfoBar, SettingsCard, and SettingsHeader control themes to use IconPresenter for their respective icon elements.
- Updated UserPromptControl and UserPromptBuilder to replace IImage-based properties and methods with object-based properties and methods supported by the use of IconPresenter in the control template.
- Updated UserPromptControl with pseudo-classes for ":error", ":information", ":question", and ":warning" based on standard status icons.
## Themes
- Updated native control themes with changes in Avalonia through v11.2.0.
- Updated ImageProvider to support loading an image by a key formatted as a relative or absolute image path.
## Shared Library
- Added the IconPresenter control that allows for a default IDataTemplate to be configured for any object that should be presented as an icon.
- Added ImageDataTemplateSelector that selects an IDataTemplate for an image based on different data types.
- Added the IconControlConverter value converter that uses IconPresenter and ImageDataTemplateSelector to create a control for image-based data like IImage.  This class replaces ImageControlConverter which has been deprecated in this release.
## All
- Updated the minimum Avalonia UI dependency from v11.1.0 to v11.2.0.
- Updated internal API usage for better .NET 8+ compatibility.

---
