# 6/6/2025 - v25.2.0

## Bars
- Added BarMainMenu control that can replace native Menu control.
- Added Tag property to all view models that can be used to store custom data.
- Added the RibbonViewModel.IsOptionsButtonVisible property.
- Added the RibbonBackstageViewModel.CanClose property.
- Added the RibbonBackstageViewModel.CanSelectFirstTabOnOpen property.
- Added the RibbonTabViewModel.IsEnabled property.
- Added the RibbonBackstageTabViewModel.IsEnabled property.
- Added a setter declaration to the IHasTag.Tag property.
- Updated BarComboBox to use weak event handlers for monitoring changes in the selected item.
- Updated editable BarComboBox controls with long text to scroll to the text start on focus loss.
- Updated a popup BarMenuItem whose key tip is accessed to focus its first child menu item.
- Updated RibbonTabHeader to match the IsEnabled state of the corresponding RibbonTab and render text using disabled brush when appropriate.
- Fixed an issue where RibbonBackstage might auto-select a first tab that was configured to not be visible.
## Docking
- Added a new product consisting of a complete docking tool window and multiple document interface solution.
- End users can drag and dock windows wherever they please, and persist their layout customizations.
- Contains docking window and MDI capabilities found in popular IDEs, and extended functionality that you won't find anywhere else.
- Designed to fully support data-binding and use in MVVM applications.
## Fundamentals
- Added WindowControl for simulating the look and feel of a Window with a Control.
- Added DialogChromedDecorations option for user prompts shown as a dialog that provides control over which parts of the dialog use custom chrome. The default appearance on Linux is greatly improved.
- Added UserPromptBuilder.CanResize and WithCanResize members that can pre-configure a User Prompt to be resizable.
- Updated User Prompt to use a WindowControl when showing prompts in overlay mode as this enables a prompt to be dragged to move.  Prompts without a titlebar can be dragged by the header text or status icon.
- Updated BadgeAdorner ZIndex to be relative to the adorned element so overlapping badge adornments have a ZIndex consistent with the adorned elements.
- Fixed an issue where opening a new User Prompt without an explicit owner immediately after closing a window might throw an exception due to the closing window being used as the default owner.
- Fixed an issue where a User Prompt displayed with an owner that is on a mixed DPI monitor may not initially render correctly due to an Avalonia bug.
## Themes
- Updated ThemeGenerator to generate immutable brush resources for optimal performance.
- Updated native ScrollBar thumbs to have a minimum size.
- Updated native control themes with changes in Avalonia through v11.3.0.
- Updated SliderThumb control theme to show an effect when pressed.
## Shared Library
- Added a default context menu to ChromedTitleBar.
- Added built-in Icon support to ChromedTitleBar.
- Updated ChromedTitleBar to render caption buttons in different themes based on Windows, macOS, or Linux platform.
- Updated ChromedTitleBar to support extending into the macOS Window title bar area.
- Updated ChromedTitleBar to a base primitive control with a new WindowTitleBar derived control for when Window integration is desired.
- Updated WindowTitleBar to support Windows non-client hit-testing that is new with Avalonia 11.3.0.  Notably, this adds support for Snap Guides when hovering over the Maximize button.
## All
- Updated the minimum Avalonia UI dependency from v11.2.0 to v11.3.0.


---
